Add example to GCS bucket that explains the need for `no_age` (#10626)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/storage_bucket.html.markdown

}
```

## Example Usage - Life cycle settings for storage bucket objects with `no_age` enabled

> When creating a life cycle condition that does not also include an `age` field, it's important to include the `no_age` flag so your new bucket does not unintentionally create an extreanous condition that may interact incorrectly with your other options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a lifecycle rule that does not include an `age` setting, a default `age` of `0` is set. Set `no_age` to `true` to avoid this. 
```

Reviewer: nit: Let's be more direct about why!

Author: Wasn't sure how direct about the situation we wanted to be, added in much more direct details!

```hcl
resource "google_storage_bucket" "no-age-enabled" {
  provider = google-beta
  name          = "no-age-enabled-bucket"
  location      = "US"
  force_destroy = true

  lifecycle_rule {
    action {
      type = "Delete"
    }
    condition {
      days_since_noncurrent_time = 3
      no_age = true
    }
  }
}
```

## Example Usage - Enabling public access prevention

> ```hcl

Reviewer: Can we also update the documentation for `age` below to explicitly mention the default of `0`? "In a lifecycle_rule block where this is not set, it defaults to 0 unless no_age is set to true" or similar

Actually, let's make the other fields explicit about zero values as well. "Due to a bug, this cannot currently be set to 0. When set to that value in configuration, it will be ignored and treated as if there was no condition instead."

<a name="nested_condition"></a>The `condition` block supports the following elements, and requires at least one to be defined. If you specify multiple conditions in a rule, an object has to match all of the conditions for the action to be taken:

* `age` - (Optional) Minimum age of an object in days to satisfy this condition. If not supplied alongside another condition and without setting `no_age` to `true`, a default `age` of 0 will be set. 

> * `no_age` - (Optional) While set `true`, `age` value will be omitted. **Note** Required to set `true` when `age` is unset in the config file.  If ommitted alongside other numeric conditions set to `0` this can lead to a state where your bucket will automatically execute your configured Lifecycle Rule immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `no_age` - (Optional) While set `true`, `age` value will be omitted from requests. This prevents a default age of `0` from being applied, and if you do not have an `age` value set, setting this to `true` is strongly recommended. When unset and other conditions are set to zero values, this can result in a rule that applies your action to all files in the bucket.
```
